[nix-ci] Add a README in dev/ci/nix (#9057)
coq/coq: dev/ci/nix/README.md

> # Working on 3^rd^-party developments with *this* version of Coq

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Working on third-party developments with *this* version of Coq
```
